YDB FQ: docs for Microsoft SQL Server as an external data source (#7786)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/federated_query/ms_sql_server.md

    ```sql
    CREATE EXTERNAL DATA SOURCE ms_sql_server_datasource WITH (
        SOURCE_TYPE="Microsoft SQL Server",
        LOCATION="<host>:<port>",
        DATABASE_NAME="<database>",
        AUTH_METHOD="BASIC",
        LOGIN="user",
        PASSWORD_SECRET_NAME="ms_sql_server_datasource_user_password",
        USE_TLS="TRUE"
    );
    ```
1. {% include [!](_includes/connector_deployment.md) %}
1. [Execute a query](#query) to the database.

## Query syntax { #query }
The following SQL query format is used to work with Microsoft SQL Server:

```sql
SELECT * FROM ms_sql_server_datasource.<table_name>
```

where:
- `ms_sql_server_datasource` - the external data source identifier;

> - `<table_name> - the table name within the external data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<table_name>` - the table name within the external data source.
```

## Limitations

When working with Microsoft SQL Server clusters, there are a number of limitations:

1. {% include [!](_includes/supported_requests.md) %}
2. {% include [!](_includes/datetime_limits.md) %}
3. {% include [!](_includes/predicate_pushdown.md) %}

## Supported data types

> In the Microsoft SQL Server database, the optionality of column values (whether the column can contain `NULL` values or not) is not a part of the data type system. The `NOT NULL` constraint for any column of any table is stored within the `IS_NULLABLE` column the [INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-information-schema-views/columns-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16) system table, i.e., at the table metadata level. Therefore, all basic Microsoft SQL Server types can contain `NULL` values by default, and in the {{ ydb-full-name }} type system they should be mapped to [optional](https://ydb.tech/docs/ru/yql/reference/types/optional).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Microsoft SQL Server database, the optionality of column values (whether the column can contain `NULL` values or not) is not a part of the data type system. The `NOT NULL` constraint for any column of any table is stored within the `IS_NULLABLE` column the [INFORMATION_SCHEMA.COLUMNS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-information-schema-views/columns-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16) system table, i.e., at the table metadata level. Therefore, all basic Microsoft SQL Server types can contain `NULL` values by default, and in the {{ ydb-full-name }} type system, they should be mapped to [optional](../yql/reference/yql-core/types/optional.md).
```
